[fix] /implement embeds ## Workflow section under plan mode (#426)
lugassawan/swe-workbench: commands/implement.md

**Phase 2 — Implement**
- **Architectural consult (conditional):** If the ticket implies a new service, a boundary or contract change, a technology choice, or any non-trivial design fork — invoke the `senior-engineer` subagent *before* plan-writing for a boundary/trade-off read. Fold its output into the plan.

> - If no written plan exists, draft one via `superpowers:writing-plans`. **Whenever you author or finalize a plan that modifies the codebase — whether saved to a plan file or passed to `ExitPlanMode`** — first activate `swe-workbench:workflow-development` in **Mode A** and embed the rendered `## Workflow` section per `skills/workflow-development/templates/plan-workflow-section.md` **before the plan is finalized (i.e. before `ExitPlanMode`)**. Run the skill's project-detection (`git branch -a`, `git log --oneline -20`, Makefile grep, PR-template lookup) so placeholders are substituted from this repo, not left as `[[detect:…]]`. Since `/implement` always modifies the codebase, Mode A always applies here — **if the plan being finalized lacks a `## Workflow` section, that is a defect: add it before finalizing rather than emitting an incomplete plan.**

Author: **Low (readability)** — The new sentence appends the loud-failure assertion inline, making the bullet harder to scan. The 7 sibling commands separate the main instruction from the defect guard. Consider breaking the guard into a sub-bullet:

```suggestion
- If no written plan exists, draft one via `superpowers:writing-plans`. **Whenever you author or finalize a plan that modifies the codebase — whether saved to a plan file or passed to `ExitPlanMode`** — first activate `swe-workbench:workflow-development` in **Mode A** and embed the rendered `## Workflow` section per `skills/workflow-development/templates/plan-workflow-section.md` **before the plan is finalized (i.e. before `ExitPlanMode`)**. Run the skill's project-detection (`git branch -a`, `git log --oneline -20`, Makefile grep, PR-template lookup) so placeholders are substituted from this repo, not left as `[[detect:…]]`. Since `/implement` always modifies the codebase, Mode A always applies here.
  - **Defect guard:** if the plan being finalized lacks a `## Workflow` section, add it before emitting the plan rather than passing an incomplete plan to `ExitPlanMode`.
```

Author: Addressed in b65ae4060bbe92c8f5228c63fa34764f0347878d: split the defect guard into a sub-bullet `- **Defect guard:** …` for improved scannability.
